- This repo adapt the idea of Dual Cross-Attention Learning for Fine-Grained Visual Categorization and Object Re-Identification in file reseach.tex to a similar task: identical twin faces verification model (given two highly similar face image, tell whether they are same person or not).
- As the original researh require 448x448 images, the ND TWIN 2009 - 2010 dataset (captured at the Twins Days Festivals in Twinsburg, Ohio in 2009 and 2010) was preprocessed thorugh: face landmarks detected, aligned, face detection, crop and resize into 448x448. The final training dataset structure is represented in a file called dataset_infor.json, which is a dictionary, with keys are person id and values are list of image paths. The minimum number of image each person is 4, maximum is 68, total image are 6182, total number of person is 353. A test dataset is in a different place.
- There is a twin_pairs_infor.json, which is a list of pairs of twin id. There is also a pair id information file for the test set. All infor files are in /data folder.
- I can training on two places: Local Ubuntu server with no data uploading ability (security) with two 2080Ti GPU(cuda:0, cuda:1) and Kaggle (T4 x2 or P100). The Ubuntu server has a locally hosted MLFlow service for training tracking. The MLFlow server is already deployed, just plug and play. For Kaggle, WanDB can be used for tracking. I want three training tracking method: MLFlow, WanDB and no tracking.
- Since 6182 images from 353 ids is not a big dataset, so I want to use the dataset to the fullest.
- I want a repo that only implement what needed, with most efficient performance, best resource usage. Distributed training if possible.